.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii baracus.5
.\"
.TH BARACUS 5 "MAY 2009" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
Baracus \- Network Install Server Generator
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Baracus
Baracus is part of the larger Novell migration tools aimed at stream-
lining the migration from other Linux distributions to SLES. The tool
automates the creation of NFS and/or HTTP remote build trees. This includes
configuring tftp, pxe, dhcpd, nfs and/or httpd as well as building the
necessary distribution tree. 
.SH FILES
.I /etc/sysconfig/baracus
.RS
The system wide configuration file. 
.SH OPTIONS
.IP BUILDROOT 
Base path of all build trees (string). 
.IP BUILDIP
Build host IP address (string).
Typically this will be the IP address of this host.  However, it
may be desireable to have the build trees served on a machine
different than the one the create_install_host system runs on.
.IP BUILDTYPE 
Default build service type (nfs, http, ftp).
.IP BUILDISOS 
Define base root of where iso files are located (string).
.IP DBASEDIR
Directory location of baracus database (string).
.IP TEMPLATEDIR
Directory in which to store the generated install templates (string).
.IP MODULEDIR
Directory where site specific info is stored in module files (string).
.IP CONFDIR
Additional configuration information for module and hardware (string).
.IP DATADIR
Auxillary server configuration template location (string).
.IP BARACUSD_OPTIONS
Options to the Baracus daemon (string).
Currently the only valid option is 'debug'
.IP HOOKSDIR
User hooks directory (string).
Some points in execution allow for user hooks to extend functionality
this is the area provided to find such hooks - by well known names.
.IP LOGSDIR
Any non-database history or log files
.IP BARACUSDIR
Base path of all build trees (string).
By default this is home directory of the baracus user.
Several subdirectories are expected to reside at this
location so just pointing this to an empty, or non-existant
directory is not advised.

.SH AUTHOR
Daniel Westervelt 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR create_install_source (5)
.BR create_install_host (5)

